---
layout: post
title: "000｜坐下来认真说点什么"
featured-img: posts_000
---


<audio id="audio" controls="" preload="none">
      <source id="mp3" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/veblenkeung/veblenkeung.github.io/master/mp3/google.mp3">
      </audio>




## 本期内容

[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com) can automatically generate and serve the website for you.
Let's say you have a username/organisation `my-org` and project `my-proj`; if you locate Jekyll source under `docs` folder of master branch in your repo `github.com/my-org/my-proj`, the website will be served on `my-org.github.io/my-proj`.
The good thing about coupling your documentation with the source repo is, whenever you merge features with regarding content to master branch, it will also be published in the webpage instantly.



## 相关链接

1. Just download the source from [github.com/janczizikow/sleek](https://github.com/janczizikow/sleek/) into your repo under `docs` folder.
2. Edit site settings in  `_config.yml` file according to your project.
3. Replace `favicon.ico` and `img/logonav.png` with your own logo.
4. Just download the source from [github.com/janczizikow/sleek](https://github.com/janczizikow/sleek/) into your repo under `docs` folder.
5. Edit site settings in  `_config.yml` file according to your project.
6. Replace `favicon.ico` and `img/logonav.png` with your own logo.
7. Edit site settings in  `_config.yml` file according to your project.
8. Replace `favicon.ico` and `img/logonav.png` with your own logo.


## 如何收听

Add a new Markdown file such as `2017-05-09-my-post.md` and write the content similar to other post examples.

### 关注我们

The home page is located under `index.md` file. You can change the content or design completely different welcome page for your taste.

In order to add a new page, create a new html or markdown file under root directory and link it in `_includes/header.html`.



